feat: Update spec's Tensor (#74)
caicloud/ormb: docs/spec-v1alpha1.md

    Size of the tensor.

- **optype** string, OPTIONAL

>     OpType of the tensor, it is specical for PMML model.

Reviewer: Same here

Author: comments are addressed, PTAL

- **values** object, OPTIONAL

>     Values of the tensor, it is specical for PMML model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Values of the tensor, It is only used for PMML.
```
